The ability to run application code in the cloud without having to
provision or manage servers is a software developer's dream come true.
Placing your code in an environment that automatically scales,
offers high availability and fault tolerance,
frees you up to focus on what's most important,
adding new features to or fixing issues with your existing systems.
Compute power in the cloud is a faster way to build applications.
Compute power in the cloud provides no servers to manage,
the ability to continuously scale,
the ability to run code on demand in response to events,
and you only pay when your code runs.